# Changelog

All major changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## 4.7.0 (2024-09-27)
### Updates
#### Change
- Update the version of H2 Database to 2.2.220.
- Update the version of gsp-dba-maven-plugin used in the Sample.

## 4.6.0 (2023-01-31)
### Updates
#### Change
- Update the version of H2 Database to 2.1.214.
  - Update to the latest version, because the version(1.4.182) of H2 Database was out of date.
- Changed to work when multiple options are specified in the JDBC connection URL.
  - If you specify a URL that connects multiple options with "&" in the JDBC connection URL, when executing the goal of generate-entity, "&" is output as it is in the XML generated as an intermediate file and the XML parsing was failing. Escaped "&" for output so that multiple options can be processed normally.
- Supported so that export-schema and import-schema can be executed in Oracle18c and later versions.
  - In Oracle18c or later, a connection string is required when executing the goals of export-schema and import-schema, but until now the connection string could not be set, so processing failed. By making it possible to set the connection string, export-schema and import-schema can be executed normally in Oracle18c and later versions.
- Fixed annotations set to primary key column properties for classes generated by generate-entity.
    - Previously, numeric primary key column properties were uniformly annotated with `@GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.IDENTITY)`.
    - Fixed this by adding `@GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.IDENTITY)` only if the column is auto-increment.
    - However, Oracle is not subject to this correction because it cannot determine auto-increment due to the JDBC specification. There is no change from the existing specification.
        - For details, see [About annotations set to primary key properties](recipe/spec-generatedEntity.md#about-annotations-set-to-primary-key-properties).

## 4.5.0 (2022-03-24)
### Updates
#### Change
- Changed the URL of the dependent Seasar Maven repository.
  - Maven 3.8.1 and later versions block external HTTP repositories by default.
    Changed the URL to HTTPS so that Maven 3.8.1 and later versions can still access the dependent Seasar repository.

## 4.4.1 (2020-09-24)
### Updates
#### Change
- Added support for cases where ";" is not added to the end of the generated ALTER TABLE.
  - In some cases, the generated ALTER TABLE did not end with ";", which was inconvenient when executing the generated DDL manually.
    In the past, ";" was not added to the case, but now it is added to the case.

- Fix Dialect customization procedure.
  - Due to the specification of Maven, in order to include a customized Dialect in the dependency of gsp-dba-maven-plugin, it is necessary to create a jar file that contains the Dialect, except in some cases.
    Since there was no mention of the need to create a jar file, it has been specified.
